# v3 Migration Guide

This document describes the changes made in `v3` of **NCronJob** and how to migrate from `v2`.

Version 3 of **NCronJob** introduces some breaking changes to improve the API.

### Second precision is automatically inferred
In `v2` one would define as such:
```csharp
builder.Services.AddNCronJob(
    n => n.AddJob<SimpleJob>(
        p => p.WithCronExpression("* * * * * *", true)));
```

Inside `WithCronExpression`, there was an optional parameter that, if set to `true`, required the cron expression to be in _seconds_ precision. This was a bit confusing and not very intuitive. In `v3` the seconds precision is automatically inferred. Therefore, the above code can be simplified to:

```csharp
builder.Services.AddNCronJob(
    n => n.AddJob<SimpleJob>(
        p => p.WithCronExpression("* * * * * *")));
```

### `JobExecutionContext` is now `IJobExecutionContext`
The `JobExecutionContext` class is no longer used. It has been replaced by the `IJobExecutionContext` interface. This change was made to allow for easier testing and mocking of the context. Until now you always had to pass in a valid instance which was a bit cumbersome. Now you can mock the interface (or provide a fake) and pass it in.

For the migration, you just have to change the type of the parameter in your job from `JobExecutionContext` to `IJobExecutionContext`:

```diff
- public Task RunAsync(JobExecutionContext context, CancellationToken token)
+ public Task RunAsync(IJobExecutionContext context, CancellationToken token)
```

All the public members are still the same as before.

### `AddNotificationHandler<TJobNotificationHandler, TJobDefinition>()` was removed
The `AddNotificationHandler<TJobNotificationHandler, TJobDefinition>()` method was removed. This method was used to add a notification handler for a specific job. It was marked as obsolete and entirely removed after `v3.2`. 

It can be replaced with the `AddNotificationHandler<TJobNotificationHandler>()` method.