# v4 Migration Guide

This document describes the changes made in `v4` of **NCronJob** and how to migrate from `v3`.

Version 4 of **NCronJob** introduces some breaking changes to improve the API.

## `UseNCronJob` and `UseNCronJobAsync` methods
Following the classical ASP.NET pattern, the `UseNCronJob` and `UseNCronJobAsync` methods have been introduced to the `IHost` interface. The minimal setup now looks like this:

```csharp
var builder = WebApplication.CreateBuilder(args);
builder.Services.AddNCronJob(...);

var app = builder.Build();
await app.UseNCronJobAsync();
app.Run();
```

Instead of the async method `UseNCronJobAsync`, you can also use the synchronous `UseNCronJob` method. The difference is that the async method returns a `Task` that you can await.

## `RunAtStartup` method
The `RunAtStartup` method has a bit different semantics than before. All startup jobs are now executed when `UseNCronJob` or `UseNCronJobAsync` is called. This ensures that all startup jobs are completed before any other part of the application is executed.

## `AddNCronJob(Delegate)` move to `NCronJobExtensions`
The `AddNCronJob(Delegate)` (Minimal API) was a different static class than the `AddNCronJob(Action)` version. This has been fixed by moving the `AddNCronJob(Delegate)` method to the `NCronJobExtensions` class. As most developers are not invoking those extensions via the static class, this should not affect most users. Otherwise the migration is simple:

```diff
- IServiceCollection.AddNCronJob(() => {}, "* * * * *");
+ NCronJobExtensions.AddNCronJob(services, () => {}, "* * * * *");
```

## `IRuntimeRegistry` is more restrictive
In `v3` the `IRuntimeRegistry` offered the ability to use the whole `NCronJobOptionBuilder` which led to confusion, especially if done something like this:

```csharp
runtimeRegistry.AddJob(n => n.AddJob<MyJob>(...).RunAtStartup().AddExceptionHandler<MyHandler>());
```

It didn't make sense to add a startup job during runtime. Also adding exception handlers during runtime was out of scope for this feature. Therefore the interface is more restrictive now and only allows to add jobs.

## `IRuntimeRegistry`s `AddJob` is now called `TryRegister`
The `AddJob` method of the `IRuntimeRegistry` has been renamed to `Register` to better reflect its purpose and to avoid the convoluted naming.

```diff
- runtimeRegistry.AddJob(r => r.AddJob);
+ runtimeRegistry.TryRegister(r => r.AddJob);
```

Not only that there is another overload:
```csharp
+ runtimeRegistry.TryRegister(r => r.AddJob, out Exception? exc);
```

The new `TryRegister` method returns a boolean indicating if the registration was successful and an exception if the registration failed. This can happen if the same configuration of a job is already configured (like same job type, with same cron expression and parameter).

### Chaining was removed
Additionally, the chaining of the former `Add` (now `TryRegister`) method was removed. If the first job registration was successful, but the second failed, the first job was still registered. This seemed arbitrary and was removed.

Each chain should be its own `TryRegister` call now.

## Registering duplicated jobs will lead to an exception during startup
Given the following job registration:

```csharp
builder.Services.AddNCronJob(r => r.AddJob<MyJob>(p => p
    .WithCronExpression("* * * * *")
    .And
    .WithCronExpression("* * * * *")));
```

In `v3` and earlier the second registration would have been ignored. In `v4` this will lead to an exception. This is to prevent accidental misconfigurations. Especially because jobs, by default, are not executed in parallel without further configuration.
If you want to register the same job multiple times, you can define a custom name for the job:

```csharp
builder.Services.AddNCronJob(r => r.AddJob<MyJob>(p => p
    .WithCronExpression("* * * * *")
    .And
    .WithCronExpression("* * * * *").WithName("MyJob")));
```